this is Mark Bell from super training
dot TV super training gym the strongest
gym in the West got a couple great
questions to answer for the power
project again today this guy is inspired
by some of the things I've said about
being fat and dropping some weight so he
wants me to kind of break down the Paleo
diet program for him the best thing to
do on that is to go ahead and purchase
the book called the paleo solution by
robb wolf you know I don't want to you
know steal his information just give
that information for free it's a book
i'm sure he worked very hard on hard I
just said hard on in there that's
disgusting I guess I depends on how you
look at it but uh anyway you know by the
book from Bob wolf I think it's only you
know like 20 bucks or something you can
also look up a lot of information on the
Paleo diet online you can kind of go to
like you know do a search on what to eat
or what not to eat you can also do a
search on recipes but just a quick
breakdown of it anyway basically going
to eat a lot of meat and you're going to
eat a lot of healthy carbohydrates they
they're really in a paleo paleo world or
Rob Wolf's paleo world there's a couple
other paleo worlds out there but in Rob
Wolf's his diet he likes a lot of sweet
potatoes different types of sweet
potatoes a lot of vegetables a lot of
lot of the paleo people in general
aren't big fans of fruit but I am I you
know I have I don't eat a ton of fruit
but I have like an orange or an apple
nearly every single day you know the old
adage the apple a day keeps the doctor
away the you know I have an apple nearly
every day just because it's so easy to
travel with like an you know not one
down real quick it's not a lot of not a
lot of food it's not a lot of calories
but it's something that can keep
keep my energy levels up and keep me
going throughout the day um let's see
what else is there i eat rice which is
not really not a huge thing that people
love on the paleo diets not the best
grain in the world to eat but it is
something I eat one note about the Paleo
diet is when you first start it it's
going to take you a week or two to even
even get your rhythm going and then you
know from there he says try my diet for
30 days and try to be pretty strict for
30 days so i would give yourself give
yourself like eight or ten days just to
even start to get used to the thing
because it takes a while to get used to
it you're paralyzed you don't know what
to eat you can eat bacon but you want to
get bacon that doesn't have nitrates and
all other in it let's see what
up sausage a lot of times can have
gluten in it so you're going to watch
for that you pretty much want to eat
gluten-free and dairy-free can't
remember anything else try to eat
gluten-free and dairy-free if you're not
sure if something has gluten in it you
know try to find out best way you can
one of the proteins that I take actually
has some wheat and some gluten in it but
I don't really care you know I don't
really care that much I'm just trying to
limit it I'm not trying to like you know
destroy it and you know I'm not all
crazy about paleo I like the diet it's
helped me out tremendously where I think
it helped me out first was with
inflammation in my body my body started
to feel better knees starting to feel
better elbow start to feel better all
that stuff started to feel a little bit
better it's amazing you you eat well you
eat good and you start to feel better
it's so strange so weird right hopefully
that answers your question you said you
want to knock off 20 30 pounds and you
don't feel the need to be to carry
around that extra weight because a guy
like Chuck logo pool proves that you
don't need that with 1,200 pounds
squatted around 245 pounds you're right
you don't need that extra body fat on
you can strip it off you you will lose a
little bit of strength at first but
stick with it and you'll be fine one
more note about dieting in general do
your best to never allow yourself to get
really really hungry especially if you
have poor eating habits if you allow
yourself to get really hungry you're
going to make poor decisions and poor
choices and you're not going to be
eating the proper foods that you set out
to eat a great tip that I've been doing
for years is I'll throw down a protein
shake before i go to before i go to the
grocery store or you know i'll throw
down a couple eggs or I'll eat it eat a
little bit of food maybe a little bit of
steak or something before I go shop for
food because when you're in that grocery
store and those cookies are looking at
you like damn they look at you you look
at them the chocolate chips meet your
eyes and it's just love at first sight
and you can't think of anything else
except for eating that entire box of
cookies so instead of doing that eat
some food before you go and you won't be
starving he will be dying to eat right
down in there and you'll make better
choices that's it from super training TV